Korea fired their way to the men's team archery gold medal at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro on Saturday with a world-class display of ruthless aggression of the highest order.The United States obtained silver after falling to a 6-0 defeat in the final match against the brilliant Korean unit of Woojin Kim, Seungyun Lee and Bonchan Ku.World champion Ku was at the top of his game as he led his team to victory, finding six perfect 10s in the final match.




                Alessandra Tarantino/Associated Press
            

Australia claimed a shock bronze against China as the team from Down Under won its first-ever Olympic archery medal.Korea have won every World Cup team event this year and were overwhelming favourites for gold. The Koreans held the Olympic title eight years ago but surrendered the gold medal to Italy in London in 2012.Here are the confirmed medals for the event:

Result: Olympics Archery 2016 
Place
Country


Gold
Korea


Silver
United States


Bronze
Australia


Rio2016.com
Rio2016.com




                Paul Gilham/Getty Images
            

The Koreans shot out of the blocks to hit a perfect score with their opening three arrows in the final and completed an unbeatable score of 60 to win Set 1. It was the first perfect set of Saturday across the full competition. The American men looked stunned by the standard but struck back with three nines; however, an upgraded shot gave Korea consecutive sets.Team USA continued to fight and found their range, but Korea produced a level rarely seen on the world stage or beyond.




                Paul Gilham/Getty Images
            

Earlier in the day, Korea took control of the first semi-final against Australia, scoring 59 from their first six arrows as the Aussies lost Set 1.The team in yellow and green struck back in Set 2 to post a strong score of 58, but the Koreans showed their world-class ability, as they inexplicably equaled the Aussie score, edging the advantage as one arrow was upgraded to a perfect 10.The Korean team were in fine fettle throughout the match and stormed forward to the third set, streaking to the gold-medal match—as Australia had no answer to their creativity.




                Paul Gilham/Getty Images
            

The United States were exceptional in the second semi against China, as their archers produced a high level of competition. Team USA won in straight sets to force their way to the gold-medal final.The bronze-medal match saw Australia hit 56 with their opening six arrows, and it was enough to claim first blood as the Chinese look deflated.Taylor Worth found a 10 at the right time to propel the Aussies forward. However, China responded against a team they were expected to beat.




                Paul Gilham/Getty Images
            

China threw down the gauntlet and put Australia on the back foot, but a cliffhanger in Set 4 gave the underdogs a shock bronze. Worth once again stepped up to the plate to hit the winning arrow in an outstanding final set, winning 6-2—the country's first-ever Olympic archery medal success.Korean standards were unbeatable on Saturday, and there was little surprise when they prevailed after a great season of competition. The United States were worthy of second place, and they produced a level that normally would have claimed gold in years gone by.  