The United States won their second match of the 2016 Summer Olympics women's football tournament, beating France 1-0 on Saturday to take the lead in Group G.France were the better team before half-time, mustering a handful of chances but failing to put the ball past goalkeeper Hope Solo.The Stars and Stripes improved after the break, and Carli Lloyd netted the winner in the 63rd minute.Les Bleues came close to an equaliser on a few occasions, but the U.S. stood firm, grabbing their second win of the tournament.As the U.S. women's national team's official Twitter account noted, Solo earned the start in goal, becoming the first goalkeeper to reach 200 international caps:Your #USWNT starting XI: Solo; O’Hara, Engen, Sauerbrunn, Klingenberg; Long, Brian, Lloyd (c); Dunn, Morgan, Heath. pic.twitter.com/xCh3A10JKK— U.S. Soccer WNT (@ussoccer_wnt) August 6, 2016
Your #USWNT starting XI: Solo; O’Hara, Engen, Sauerbrunn, Klingenberg; Long, Brian, Lloyd (c); Dunn, Morgan, Heath. pic.twitter.com/xCh3A10JKKBoth teams won their opening matches, with France downing Colombia 4-0 and the U.S. beating New Zealand 2-0, so the winner of Saturday's contest was in line to win the group and set up a supposedly easier clash in the knockout stages.France controlled the pace early, showing plenty of physicality in the midfield duels and pressing the player in possession. The defending champions were forced to play the ball back to Solo routinely, and as Mauricio Savarese of the Associated Press shared, the crowd gave her a harsh treatment every time they did so:Hope Solo getting Zika chants in Brazil. The crowd definitely doesn't like her much. https://t.co/neMmXxJwF8— Mauricio Savarese (@MSavarese) August 6, 2016
Hope Solo getting Zika chants in Brazil. The crowd definitely doesn't like her much. https://t.co/neMmXxJwF8Chances were few in the opening stages, with both teams taking time to get settled, but France were close to opening the score after 15 minutes. Wendie Renard found space on a high free-kick and powered a header onto goal, which Solo pushed off the crossbar and out for a corner.




                Eugenio Savio/Associated Press
            

The resulting set piece provided more danger, as Renard again got to the ball, but the Stars and Stripes were able to clear after a mad scramble.FourFourTwoUSA's Jeff Kassouf urged the team to be wary of Renard:Dicey times for USWNT in the box on set pieces. Wendie Renard best aerial threat on the field. (She didn't play in last meeting.)— Jeff Kassouf (@JeffKassouf) August 6, 2016
Dicey times for USWNT in the box on set pieces. Wendie Renard best aerial threat on the field. (She didn't play in last meeting.)Louisa Cadamuro tried her luck with a strike from distance, missing the target, and Marie-Laure Delie forced Solo to save her hard shot from a tight angle.Most of France's danger came from set-piece deliveries, where they made full use of their advantage in size, while the U.S. aimed for possession and pushed up the pitch with their backs. Les Bleues had openings on the counter-attack, but their attack lacked the pace to take advantage.




                Eugenio Savio/Associated Press
            

Cadamuro gave away a free-kick from a great position with an ill-timed challenge, handing the Stars and Stripes their first real chance, but Tobin Heath's attempt was too central and flew over the bar.The Chicago Red Stars were nervous:25' This match is giving us all the feels. We want only happy feels.#USAvFRA— Chicago Red Stars (@chicagoredstars) August 6, 2016
25' This match is giving us all the feels. We want only happy feels.#USAvFRACadamuro tried her luck again with another long-range effort, with similar results, and Heath failed to pick out a team-mate with a lofted delivery from the left wing.Delie was close to opening the score with five minutes left to play in the half, using her strength to create a chance after a nice ball over the top. She rushed her shot, however, firing the ball straight at Solo. CSN Mid-Atlantic's Sebastian Salazar thought it was a huge save:Hope Solo with biggest save yet. Denying Delie from point blank range (41'). Goal 5 minutes from half would've been HUGE for France. #USWNT— Sebastian Salazar (@SebiSalazarCSN) August 6, 2016
Hope Solo with biggest save yet. Denying Delie from point blank range (41'). Goal 5 minutes from half would've been HUGE for France. #USWNTAt half-time, the score was still 0-0, with France playing the better football. As OptaJack shared, the U.S. had to turn things around in a hurry:8-1 - #FRA outshot #USA 8-1 in the first half, @hopesolo saved all three shots on target. Weathered. #TeamUSA #RioOlympics2016— OptaJack (@OptaJack) August 6, 2016
8-1 - #FRA outshot #USA 8-1 in the first half, @hopesolo saved all three shots on target. Weathered. #TeamUSA #RioOlympics2016The Stars and Stripes started the second half with more attacking purpose, earning a corner almost immediately, and France sat back slightly deeper in their own half to deal with the Americans' high defensive line.But once again, the pressure didn't lead to chances. Morgan Brian nearly broke through the French defence with a great run, but goalkeeper Sarah Bouhaddi read the play well and quickly came off her line to deal with the danger.Bouhaddi nearly made a big mistake minutes later as she let a low cross slip. Fortunately for the 29-year-old, Alex Morgan couldn't keep the ball in play, and the U.S. didn't even earn a corner.




                Eugenio Savio/Associated Press
            

A goal seemed to be coming, and just past the hour mark, the Stars and Stripes took the lead. Heath fired a shot off the post, and the rebound fell right to Lloyd, who easily converted from close range.Former USWNT member Heather Mitts noted the Americans' plan to push into the box yielded results:Finally got numbers forward and that is what happens. Nobody marking @CarliLloyd. Big mistake. HUGE! #USAvFRA— Heather Mitts (@heathermitts) August 6, 2016
Finally got numbers forward and that is what happens. Nobody marking @CarliLloyd. Big mistake. HUGE! #USAvFRACrystal Dunn earned the first booking of the contest shortly after as Les Bleues pushed for an equaliser. Elise Bussaglia tried her luck with an ambitious effort, missing her touch completely and lobbing a ball wide of Solo's goal.Renard came agonisingly close on another free-kick, just failing to connect with the cross and watching as the ball floated past the post. Delie tested Solo's reflexes with a fine header, but the veteran stopper was ready for it.France were pushing for a goal, and they were nearly rewarded when Ali Krieger blasted a volley into her own side-netting, coming close to a spectacular own goal. The Guardian's Beau Dure summed up how fans were likely feeling:Ali Krieger gives all WNT fans a heart attack. Solo deals with this corner better than she did in the first half.— Beau Dure (@duresport) August 6, 2016
Ali Krieger gives all WNT fans a heart attack. Solo deals with this corner better than she did in the first half.Morgan came close with a shot from distance on the other side of the pitch, and Solo was quick to react after Renard brought down another cross. A late push from Les Bleues didn't yield any results as the defending champions hung on to defend their lead.France will meet New Zealand in their final match of the group stage on Tuesday, while the U.S. will take on Colombia.Solo spoke to the media about her brilliant performance and huge save on Delie in the 41st minute, per the Associated Press (via ESPN.com):She was getting free and I knew she was going to crack a shot as soon as she saw the goal, so I just tried to close her as quickly as I could. And I as I closed her -- some people think she went through my legs on purpose because it was the only part that was open because I had her closed down -- I don't really think so, I think she just tried to crack a shot.Her heroics allowed Lloyd to fire the United States into the group lead as Heath set her up. She spoke with CSN's Sebastian Salazar about her connection with the midfielder, who just so happens to hail from the same state as her:'We have a Jersey girl connection' - Carli Lloyd talking about Tobin Heath (who has set up both Lloyd goals at #Rio2016 ). #USWNT #USAvFRA— Sebastian Salazar (@SebiSalazarCSN) August 6, 2016
'We have a Jersey girl connection' - Carli Lloyd talking about Tobin Heath (who has set up both Lloyd goals at #Rio2016 ). #USWNT #USAvFRAAs long as Lloyd keeps finding the net and sparking the United States offense while Solo is solid at the back, the team should have no problem moving deep into the tournament. 