Daniel Berger shot an eight-under 62 Saturday at the Travelers Championship to seize sole possession of the lead at 15 under overall entering Sunday's final round.Berger entered the third round in a tie for first with Tyrone Van Aswegen, Russell Henley and Marc Leishman, but the unheralded American carded the best round of the day to carry a three-shot cushion into the fourth round.Here is a look at the leaderboard with three rounds of play officially in the books:

According to ESPN Stats & Info, Berger's dominance of TPC River Highlands in Cromwell, Connecticut, on Saturday was the best showing of the 23-year-old's young career:At the Travelers Championship (@PGATOUR), Daniel Berger's 3rd-round 62 was a career-low for a round on the PGA Tour.— ESPN Stats & Info (@ESPNStatsInfo) August 6, 2016
At the Travelers Championship (@PGATOUR), Daniel Berger's 3rd-round 62 was a career-low for a round on the PGA Tour.Berger picked up his first PGA Tour win in June when he was victorious in the FedEx St. Jude Classic, and he is in prime position to triumph for the second time in as many months.He carded a remarkable nine birdies and just one bogey, including five birdies in a seven-hole stretch from No. 11 through No. 17.   As SkratchTV pointed out, Berger's spectacular putting was perhaps the biggest reason for his impressive score of 62:26 total putts, 10 one putts.We’re not 100% sure what Daniel Berger said to his putter here, but it worked. pic.twitter.com/eTEhbLZouH— SkratchTV (@skratchTV) August 6, 2016
26 total putts, 10 one putts.We’re not 100% sure what Daniel Berger said to his putter here, but it worked. pic.twitter.com/eTEhbLZouHIf he manages to close out the win Sunday, it could lead to a huge week in athletics for his family. His father, Jay Berger, is a former tennis player, and he is coaching the United States men's tennis team at the Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.A trio of golfers who will represent Team USA in Brazil took to the course at the Travelers Championship on Saturday, but none of them enjoyed even close to the amount of success that Berger did.Bubba Watson and Patrick Reed each shot a two-under 68 and are tied for 22nd place at five under overall. Meanwhile, Matt Kuchar is in 49th at three under following his one-over 71 Saturday.Although Watson, Reed and Kuchar won't be factors Sunday, the trio of Van Aswegen, Henley and Russell Knox has an opportunity to chase down Berger, as they are all tied for second at 12 under.Knox turned in the best round among them at six under, while Van Aswegen and Henley each shot five under, which dropped them from the first-place position they shared entering the third round.After playing the front nine at even par, Van Aswegen exploded with five birdies and no bogeys on the back by virtue of spectacular shots like this approach on No. 12, courtesy of the PGA Tour:Safe to say he controlled the spin on this approach shot.#QuickHits https://t.co/AVqexGFqsG— PGA TOUR (@PGATOUR) August 6, 2016
Safe to say he controlled the spin on this approach shot.#QuickHits https://t.co/AVqexGFqsGLike Van Aswegen, American Brooks Koepka also carded five birdies on the back nine, which contributed to a fantastic close to his third round, per Jonathan Wall of PGATour.com:Big closing birdie for Brooks Koepka. Shoots 64 and gets to 9 under thanks to a back-nine 30. pic.twitter.com/9TlZDQYBUQ— Jonathan Wall (@jonathanrwall) August 6, 2016
Big closing birdie for Brooks Koepka. Shoots 64 and gets to 9 under thanks to a back-nine 30. pic.twitter.com/9TlZDQYBUQKoepka's six-under 64 was tied for the second-best round of the day with Knox, and although he is six shots off the lead at nine under, he gave himself an opportunity to build upon the momentum created by finishing fourth in last week's PGA Championship.Despite being tied for 60th at just one under, South Africa's Ernie Els provided the best moment of the day at the Travelers Championship at No. 16.The four-time major champion aced the par-three hole with a spectacular tee shot that barely cleared a green-side bunker:The Big Easy makes it look too easy. 🎯 https://t.co/GoNZaktAj4— PGA TOUR (@PGATOUR) August 6, 2016
The Big Easy makes it look too easy. 🎯 https://t.co/GoNZaktAj4As is customary, Els celebrated his accomplishment by providing refreshments for his fellow golfers in the clubhouse:An ace for Ernie, a drink for all. pic.twitter.com/NNopQfZR1l— PGA TOUR (@PGATOUR) August 6, 2016
An ace for Ernie, a drink for all. pic.twitter.com/NNopQfZR1lIf Berger carries over Saturday's form into the final round, however, he'll be $1.188 million richer and more than capable of buying a few rounds in his own right.While another solid round for Berger should all but seal the title, there are plenty of birdies to be had on the course, which means one of his closest pursuers could potentially card a 62 Sunday and make things interesting.Berger was in high spirits following his dominant showing Saturday, and he expressed confidence in his chances of contending for a win if he is able to remain in strong form Sunday, according to Chris Elsberry of the Connecticut Post:It was just a great day. It's all about hitting good shots under pressure and I've been doing that this week, and if I can continue to do that I know I'll be right there on Sunday.[...]I just want to go out and keep doing what I've been doing these past couple of days. I want to go out, make a few putts and see what I can do.A few golfers are sitting just three shots behind and have a chance to track down Berger with a solid final round. Knox is among them, and he is feeling positive ahead of Sunday:I'm feeling great. It's great to be playing for a title. There's going to be a bunch of guys trying to win this thing, so it's going to take some great golf and I'm looking forward to trying. I drove it well, my iron play at times was extremely good and I made a few putts. All in all, pretty good. I hit it well, I wasn't out of position a lot of times. I hit a bunch of good iron shots and gave myself a lot of chances.The rest of the field could be at Berger's mercy, but even the slightest slip-up will open the door on a course that has been quite giving in terms of providing birdies, especially on the back nine.Follow @MikeChiari on Twitter.  