The transfer saga surrounding Santos star Gabriel "Gabigol" Barbosa continues, as Premier League champions Leicester City are now said to be preparing an offer for the Barcelona, Juventus and Inter Milan target.Elsewhere, Thomas Vermaelen has reportedly reached an agreement with AS Roma, who will now open negotiations with the Catalans.According to HITC Sport's Graeme Bailey (h/t the Sun's Anthony Chapman), Gabigol's representatives have made contact with a host of Premier League clubs, including Manchester United, Liverpool, Arsenal, Everton and West Ham United, in the hopes of driving up interest in their client.




                EVARISTO SA/Getty Images
            

Per the report, Barcelona have already made a £17 million offer, while the Serie A duo of Juventus and Inter have been linked most consistently with the Brazil international.Gabigol is widely considered among the top attacking talents in the world and has long been tracked by several top clubs. The 19-year-old has been with Santos' senior team since 2013 and has been scoring freely ever since. Here's a look at some of his highlights:





Share






Tweet









Gabigol is in Rio de Janeiro to compete with Brazil in the Summer Olympics, and unlike compatriot Gabriel Jesus, who has already signed with Manchester City, he doesn't seem to be in any rush to commit to a new club.According to AS (via ESPN FC's Ben Gladwell), Barcelona obtained a first right of refusal on Gabigol in the Neymar deal, which greatly complicates matters. On top of that, Santos only own a part of the player's rights, with Doyen Sports investment group and Gabigol himself also having a stake.Inter and Juventus seem the most likely destinations, but once the big Premier League clubs get involved, things can change in a hurry. Gabigol will be looking for playing time to aid his development, first and foremost, which makes a move to Catalunya less likely.




                EVARISTO SA/Getty Images
            

Between Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar, the Blaugrana are set in attack, and any reinforcements will have to be happy with a role as a backup. Gabigol could opt to stay with Santos for now and make the move to Europe in a year, when his chances of starting will be greater, but the most likely outcome still seems to be a move to Italy.Meanwhile, Sky Italia (h/t Football Italia) report Roma have agreed to a deal with Vermaelen, worth €3 million per year for three years with an option for a fourth. The Giallorossi will now approach Barcelona with a proposed loan move with an obligation to buy.Per the report, Barcelona want the clause to be €12 million, but Roma are only willing to pay €8 million. Sky Sports' Kaveh Solhekol believes the deal is already done:Thomas Vermaelen joining Roma on loan two years after Barcelona signed him for £15m from Arsenal. Played in just 7 league games in Spain— Kaveh Solhekol (@SkyKaveh) August 6, 2016
Thomas Vermaelen joining Roma on loan two years after Barcelona signed him for £15m from Arsenal. Played in just 7 league games in SpainVermaelen joined the club in 2014 from Arsenal and never seemed to fit in, making just a handful of appearances.When he did play last season, he generally performed well, and he even scored the winner in the 1-0 win against Malaga at the start of the season. But a transfer always seemed inevitable, as the 30-year-old seeks a starting position, something he won't find in Catalunya.Injuries have always been a concern with the Belgian, and it makes sense to cash in now, while he still has some value. Roma could use another experienced centre-back, so this deal makes a lot of sense for all parties involved.