Kasper Schmeichel has signed a new five-year contract with Premier League champions Leicester City. News of the Danish goalkeeper's deal was reported by the club's official website.Schmeichel took to social media to express his delight at extending his stay at the King Power Stadium:Absolutely delighted to have signed a new five-year contract with @lcfc #LCFC #fearless pic.twitter.com/7BTEuku61H— Kasper schmeichel (@kschmeichel1) August 6, 2016
Absolutely delighted to have signed a new five-year contract with @lcfc #LCFC #fearless pic.twitter.com/7BTEuku61HHe also noted how his decision to remain with the Foxes was an easy one, per the club's official website:I'm just buzzing and I can't wait for the season to get started. It was a very easy decision. It was a case of coming back after winning the Premier League and making sure that the hunger was the same within myself and the squad. I've come back absolutely convinced that this is the place for me to be.It's no wonder Schmeichel feels comfortable at Leicester. He's emerged to become a cornerstone player for the club, having matured into one of the most accomplished stoppers in England's top flight.He was among the stingiest 'keepers in the Premier League last season, per Squawka:Most clean sheets in the Premier League in 2015/16:P. Cech (16)K. Schmeichel (15)D. De Gea (15)J. Hart (15) https://t.co/N4WDu3QCgQ— Squawka Football (@Squawka) August 6, 2016
Most clean sheets in the Premier League in 2015/16:P. Cech (16)K. Schmeichel (15)D. De Gea (15)J. Hart (15) https://t.co/N4WDu3QCgQSchmeichel formed a formidable defensive wall with centre-backs Robert Huth and Wes Morgan during the 2015/16 campaign. This trio proved as vital in Leicester's shock title win as the goals and creativity provided by winger Riyad Mahrez and striker Jamie Vardy.The latter recently committed himself to the Foxes by rejecting interest from Arsenal and inking his name on a new four-year contract. Keeping Schmeichel as well represents an excellent summer for a squad that will need its core players for the upcoming first foray into the UEFA Champions League.Rob Tanner of the Leicester Mercury made reference to the club's retention efforts after Schmeichel's new deal:more good news for #LCFC as @kschmeichel1 signs for 5 years. Tick them off!— Rob Tanner (@RobTannerMerc) August 6, 2016
more good news for #LCFC as @kschmeichel1 signs for 5 years. Tick them off!Keeping key figures from both ends of the team is a major boost for manager Claudio Ranieri, as it means Leicester will still be a force in the new season.